as far as studying abroad goes you've got a generation gap problem when
I was in college and in graduate school very few students went to
study abroad it was not comedy when my girls went to school they all
said no Daddy after you study abroad for you which is sorry by me because
usually study abroad in costing more than going to the college
in each case in my case it was a public school over the girls were
going public university so that'd make it and so I didn't do that but
is still major that's really a tough one them you know people from
arts and letters tend to be lesson driven in terms of straight where
is that people who are in engineering for instance in the hard sciences
frequently have so many courses they have to take their Havel
hold one wiggle room and so spinning year abroad is going to give you
some kind of interfacial friction that will lose you some hours so
I'm I'm not sure that it's it's the right thing to do on the other
hand my daughters all loved it and said they learned a lot about life
doing it so I think it's pretty much individual choice sorry can't
help you more than that